create a panel on the left or right side of the songs library in the GUI that is approximately 1/10 to 1/8 the width of the library table

in the new panel place two components
	a tree with only one branch called "Library". Selecting (mouse) this branch shows the songs library in the main library table. This branch cannot expand or collapse and has no children.
	a collapsible tree with root name "Playlist". Selecting this branch (double clicking) collapses and expands the tree alternatively. This tree expands to at most one level. 
		That is, root can have children, but the children cannot. The children of the root node are playlists.
		
allow users to create playlist by selecting "Create Playlist" from the File menu. Allow users to name it. 
	Create it, then automatically select it in the tree and open it in the main library table component. 
	The new playlist will be empty. All new playlist must originate in the main library window table. 
	Playlist names and contents must be in the relational database and accessed via SQL. 
	Playlist must show all six mp3v1 tags as should the library table. 
	
allow users to right click on a playlist. This action shows a popup context menu with "Open in New Window" (and Delete Playlist). 
	Selecting this causes the playlist (empty or not) to be moved to a new window (complete with audio controls and menu but NO playlist or library trees) 
	AND the main library table to refilled with the song library (complete with audio controls and library and playlist trees)
	
allow users to add songs from the library to an exiting playlist in the following three ways:
	select a song from the library and right click. A context menu (the same one from Iteration 1) has a new entry called "Add to playlist".
		Mousing over this entry causes a list of all playlists to appear in a sub-menu. Select the playlist to add the song. 
	
	Drag and drop from outside of myTunes (as done in Iteration 1) on to the playlist in either of the following ways:
		if the playlist is in the main library window, simply drag song files into the playlist
		if the playlist is opened in a separate window, simply drag the songs into the playlist 
		in either event, if the song(s) being dragged onto a playlist is not inthe library, add it to the library (without asking the user) before putting it in the playlist. 
		In no event shall a song be in a playlist and not be in the library
		
	Drag and drop from inside of myTunes. This feature is only possible whena playlist is opened in a separate window and is initiated only from the library. 
		Playlist to playlist transfers are not required, but are permitted if your team wishes to implement it. One or more files may be dragged. 
	
Right click on a playlist tree playlist show a popup context menu with "Delete Playlist".
 
Selecting this deletes the highlighted playlist from the library (after confirmation), deletes its entry from the playlist-song relational table and redraw the playlist tree. 

Volume slider 